Update RN docs with simplified config (#126)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/React Native/cookbook.md

### Tap to talk

> When configuring Spokestack, just use a Push to Talk profile, prefixed with `PTT`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring Spokestack, use a Push to Talk profile, prefixed with `PTT`:
```

```javascript

>   pipeline: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spokestack.initialize({
  pipeline: {
```

>     'profile': Spokestack.PipelineProfile.PTT_NATIVE_ASR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    profile: Spokestack.PipelineProfile.PTT_NATIVE_ASR
```

>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }
})
```

```

> Then it's just a matter of calling `activate()` when a button is pushed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Spokestack is initialized, call `activate()` to start listening.
```

### Tap to talk

> Beginning in version 4.0.0, using tap to talk is incredibly simple!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in version 4.0.0, the configuration for tap-to-talk has been greatly simplified.
```

What about a compromise? :P

### Wakeword Activation

> To use the demo "Spokestack" wakeword, you'll need the demo TensorFlow Lite models: [detect](https://d3dmqd7cy685il.cloudfront.net/model/wake/spokestack/detect.tflite) | [encode](https://d3dmqd7cy685il.cloudfront.net/model/wake/spokestack/encode.tflite) | [filter](https://d3dmqd7cy685il.cloudfront.net/model/wake/spokestack/filter.tflite). The pipeline uses a defaults to a wakeword-activated profile (`TFLITE_WAKEWORD_NATIVE_ASR`), so we don't need to specify it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the demo "Spokestack" wakeword, you'll need the demo TensorFlow Lite models: [detect](https://d3dmqd7cy685il.cloudfront.net/model/wake/spokestack/detect.tflite) | [encode](https://d3dmqd7cy685il.cloudfront.net/model/wake/spokestack/encode.tflite) | [filter](https://d3dmqd7cy685il.cloudfront.net/model/wake/spokestack/filter.tflite). The pipeline defaults to a wakeword-activated profile (`TFLITE_WAKEWORD_NATIVE_ASR`), so we don't need to specify it.
```
